New pages: SVGFeSpecularLighting kernalUnitLegth values (#38815)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/svgfespecularlightingelement/kernelunitlengthy/index.md

---
title: "SVGFESpecularLightingElement: kernelUnitLengthY property"
short-title: kernelUnitLengthY
slug: Web/API/SVGFESpecularLightingElement/kernelUnitLengthY
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.SVGFESpecularLightingElement.kernelUnitLengthY
---

{{APIRef("SVG")}}

> The **`kernelUnitLengthX`** read-only property of the {{domxref("SVGFESpecularLightingElement")}} interface reflects the y value of the {{SVGAttr("kernelUnitLength")}} attribute of the given {{SVGElement("feSpecularLighting")}} element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`kernelUnitLengthY`** read-only property of the {{domxref("SVGFESpecularLightingElement")}} interface reflects the y value of the {{SVGAttr("kernelUnitLength")}} attribute of the given {{SVGElement("feSpecularLighting")}} element.
```

> The `kernelUnitLength` attribute indicates the intended distance in current filter units, as determined by the value of attribute primitiveUnits, for the x and y coordinates. This property reflects the y-value, which is the second value in the `kernelUnitLength`'s space-separated pair of values, or the first value if only one value is set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `kernelUnitLength` attribute indicates the intended distance in current filter units, specified by the `primitiveUnits` attribute, for the x and y coordinates. It contains one or two values, with the y value defaulting to x if not present, and the `kernelUnitLengthY` property gets and sets the last value.
```
